[tense music playing]
[Diane] Have you ever heard
of Night Action? You shouldn't have.
Night Action is a top-secret
investigative program within the FBI.
The operatives who conduct
those investigations
are known simply as night agents.
So you want me to be a night agent?
I want you to answer the phone for them.
[Diane] You put your time in
in that hellhole of a room,
manning a phone that never rings,
and better things will come your way.
Someone is outside.
Call this number, say "Night Action."
-[rope whips]
-[gasping]
[woman grunting]
[phone ringing]
-Uh, yes, go ahead.
-Night Action.
-Code, please.
-Pen. Clock. Door. Fire.
It's gonna be all right. I answer
the phone for night agents in distress.
By agents, you mean spies?
My orders are to protect you
with my life, and I will do that.
[gunshots]
[Peter] Rose!
Do you remember the first time
when I called Night Action?
You told me to fight like hell.
And that's what I need you to do.
They're preparing another attack.
We know you're planning
on killing the president at Camp David.
[helicopter engine whirring]
-It's rigged to blow on liftoff!
-Drop it!
-No!
-Kill the engines!
[soldier] Stay down! Stay down!
Peter! [panting]
[Michelle] You've been wasting away
in the basement.
How would you like to be a night agent?
-I think I wanna go back to California.
-With your company?
New name, new start.
Learn from my mistakes.
Call me when you get there.
I don't know when it'll be,
but I promise I'm gonna call you.
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[indistinct chatter in Thai]
[piano music playing]
[man] I look forward to hearing
about that.
Or you can take it as an aggression upon…
You know what I'm saying?
[woman] I can't believe
you're making this, like, make sense, man.
I'm just trying to, like… [chuckling]
-[woman chuckling] Right, rationalize.
-Yeah, I'm like that. I say dumb stuff.
I know, I've noticed. [chuckling]
-You ready?
-Yeah.
Okay.
[Peter] No, we gotta get back
on what we were talking about.
[woman chuckling] Absolutely not.
-[saleswoman] This one very good.
-You never finished your story.
-Oh right, about the bet.
-Yeah.
So, what this guy didn't know
was that back in the day,
I was Wichita City Bowling Champion,
12-and-under division.
Oh, impressive.
Mm-hmm. So the sucker took the bet.
But what I didn't know
was that he was Tennessee State
Bowling Champ, adult division.
-So, I took the bet.
-And you turned out to be the sucker.
Oh, a royal one.
But that's how I ended up
with a Shrek tattoo on my lower back.
-Wow, classy.
-[woman] Mm.
What's going on? He spot us?
No, not yet, but he's checking for tails.
-Just keep up the honeymooners act.
-Okay.
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Your collar is all frayed.
Someone really needs to take you shopping.
-You dress like you're single.
-I am single.
Well, that shirt is a good way
to perpetually stay that way.
-Tell me a joke.
-A joke?
For his benefit.
Tell me a joke. Make me laugh.
Knock, knock.
Who's there?
[chuckling] I got… I got nothing.
I'm sorry.
[chuckling]
-He's moving.
-Okay, let's give him a little space.
We don't wanna spook him
before we know what he's up to.
[suspenseful music playing]
He's not acting like someone
who's just out for a stroll.
He's acting like someone
who trained at The Farm.
-[Peter] Think he's our guy?
-[woman] He's acting like our guy.
If he really is the leaker…
He could be getting ready
to pass some more intel.
There's only one way to find out.
[indistinct chatter]
He's about to meet someone.
-How can you be sure?
-Men always have tells. Even you.
What's my tell?
[inaudible]
They exchange anything?
I don't know. Couldn't see a handoff.
You recognize him?
-No.
-Yeah, shit, I don't either.
Okay, go. Comms on.
I'm gonna take the new guy,
you take Warren.
-Be careful.
-You be careful.
Remember the training,
remember the mission.
Yes, ma'am.
[scoffing] Still with the "ma'ams."
-[man] Smile.
-[man 2] Better than the postcard.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[car horns honking]
-[woman] Do you still have him?
-Yeah.
[motorcycle engine revving]
[indistinct chatter]
[woman] Anything?
Hold.
[motorcycle engine whirring]
[bus brakes squealing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[bus hissing]
He just made a drop.
[woman] Okay, I'll ditch this guy,
and I'll come meet you.
Where are you?
One second.
-Somebody just picked it up.
-[woman] Who?
[Peter] I don't know.
I've never seen him before.
-Looked like a thumb drive.
-[woman] Okay, don't lose him.
[car horn honking]
Peter, what's going on?
I'm still following the new guy
with the thumb drive.
[woman] Where are you?
Sathorn Road.
That place we had lunch
that one time with the bad oysters.
[woman] I'm on my way.
-[men reacting]
-[gun firing]
[intense music playing]
[men gasping]
-Peter?
-[Peter] Alice!
Alice, I'm made!
Shit, me too.
-[guns firing]
-[Alice grunting]
[gun firing]
-Peter!
-They're still on me!
I'm calling for an extraction.
[Alice panting]
[music fades]
[phone ringing]
[ominous music playing]
Go ahead.
-Night Action.
-[man] Code, please.
Lake. Soap. Cat. Page.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Peter panting]
Peter, you there?
Hold.
[onlookers chattering]
Okay, I'm here.
What the fuck?
-How did we get burned?
-I don't know.
[breathing heavily]
You okay?
Yeah. Night Action
has an extraction point for us.
-Where?
-They're sending a helicopter.
Rama VIII Park. You know where that is?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Then get there.
[Peter grunting, panting]
-[ominous music swelling]
-Alice!
-[gun firing]
-[Alice grunting]
[gun firing]
[Peter panting]
Yes, sir.
[phone ringing]
Hold, please.
[receiver clicking]
-Go ahead.
-[Peter] Night Action.
Code, please.
Snake. Cloud. Knife. Pillow.
[tense music playing]
This is Copperhead?
Hummingbird is dead. They shot her.
I'm in a warehouse near Rama VIII Park.
I got at least three people
still following me.
Extraction's five minutes out.
I don't have five minutes.
Put me through to Reindeer, now.
[cell phone ringing]
Yeah.
Okay, let me talk to him.
[Peter breathing heavily]
-Come on.
-[woman] Peter, are you there?
They knew where our extraction point was.
[woman] I can't hear you.
The fucking extraction point.
They were waiting for us.
-Why did you need an extraction?
-[Peter] Somebody tipped them off.
-Okay? They knew.
-[woman] Knew what?
Everything.
Listen, Catherine, figure out who else
knew about this mission but you
because somebody gave us up.
Are you and Alice okay?
Alice is dead.
What?
She's gone.
[line disconnects]
-[grenade clicking]
-Frag out!
[suspenseful music swelling]
-[high-pitched ringing]
-[Peter grunting]
[Peter grunting]
[gun firing]
[men panting]
He's headed towards the river.
[mysterious music playing]
[keyboard clacking]
[mouse clicking]
[ominous sting playing]
[keyboard clacking]
[intense, suspenseful music playing]
[Peter panting]
[gun firing]
-[bullet piercing]
-[Peter groaning]
[boat engine whirring]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
[tense music swelling]
[tense music ends]
[opening theme music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
When am I gonna get better?
[woman] You don't think
you've made progress?
Not fast enough.
[woman] Therapy isn't a race, Rose.
It takes time to process trauma.
The nightmares have stopped, right?
Not completely,
but I've been doing the work.
I'm staying out of stressful situations,
I do yoga, I journal my feelings, so…
when does the anxiety stop?
I… I just wanna feel like me again.
Even after all these months,
there are still things
you won't open up about.
It's not how this is supposed to work.
Some things I can't get into.
[woman] I'd like to suggest something.
Have you heard of EMDR therapy?
It's a new kind of therapy
and not without its critics,
but I think you might be a good candidate.
It would involve talking to someone else--
Wait. [scoffing]
Are you firing me as one of your patients?
EMDR requires special training.
Training I don't have.
It also requires you being able
to let your guard down,
at least more than
you've been able to do with me.
[Rose inhaling deeply, exhaling]
[dramatic music playing]
[Rose] Okay. [clearing throat]
We believe we've done something
revolutionary with AdVerse.
Our proprietary algorithm
makes connections
that no other company can make.
[cell phone vibrating]
[man] I'm listening.
[Rose] You had your picture taken
at security about 15 years ago.
I'm sorry, um, 15 minutes ago.
Right.
[Rose] AdVerse can take that picture,
run it through various
social media applications,
-ID you…
-[cell phone vibrating]
…cross-check it against, um…
Against…
What my lead programmer is trying to say
is AdVerse uses a picture or a name
to create a precise advertising profile
based off online searches
of their shopping accounts,
their product reviews, hobbies…
-Other companies do that.
-They're not as good as AdVerse.
[man scoffing] And for $50 million,
I should just take your word for it?
AdVerse is better.
Our customer profiles
are deeper, more accurate.
Companies will pay a fortune
to sort through them
and precisely target
their most likely customers.
Do you have any agreements
with any of these companies?
No, we use publicly available data
in each of these cases.
I don't know.
It's a tough sector to invest in.
There's a lot of smart people
chasing this.
Even if yours is better.
[cell phone vibrating]
[man] I'm not crazy
about the marketing application.
The raw data you're mining
is interesting though.
What other things do you think
you might be able to do with it?
Uh, excuse me a minute.
[cell phone continues vibrating]
I'm sorry about Rose.
She's not herself today.
Engineers. We've all been there.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[door closing]
Hello?
Hello? Who is this?
-I'm hanging up.
-[man] I'm looking for Peter Sutherland.
Do you know where he is?
How… How do you know Peter?
[man] Well, he's in trouble,
and I… I wanna help him.
[ominous music playing]
Okay, where is he?
[man] Has he contacted you recently?
No. Sorry, who is this?
And how do you know about Peter?
And what kind of trouble--?
[man] I… I shouldn't be talking to you,
but I know you care about him.
-If you hear from him--
-What happened to him?
[man] I'll… I'll call you in a few days,
see if he's contacted you. Goodbye.
-[line disconnects]
-Wait, how do you--
[tense music swelling]
[Peter grunting]
[sighing]
[Peter wincing, exhaling]
[tense music swelling]
[music fades]
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
Rose Larkin.
Yes.
I'm Catherine. Shall we?
The President asked me to fly all the way
across the country to meet you,
so here I am.
Thank you. [exhales deeply]
Do you know Peter Sutherland?
Peter works for me.
Is he okay?
We don't know if he's all right
or even where he is at the moment.
He went AWOL from us about a month ago.
Wait, from Night Action?
I'm here because you got a call
about Peter from a man you didn't know.
-Is that correct?
-Yes.
-And he didn't identify himself?
-[Rose] No.
What'd he say, precisely?
Uh, that Peter was in trouble
and if I knew where he was.
And when was the last time
you spoke with Peter?
Like ten months ago,
when he left to start his new job.
But look, Peter wouldn't just
quit on something that important,
not without a good reason.
What happened?
-We had a setback.
-[Rose] What kind of setback?
-Is he alive?
-We think so.
[Rose] You think?
What I'm concerned about
is his mental state.
He was still adjusting to the job.
So what are you doing to find him,
to help him?
Everything we can. But he does have
training and experience in evasion,
as you know.
The man who called you,
he have a foreign accent?
Um, he… he sounded American.
Okay.
If he calls back,
I'm at this number.
-What is this, a Night Action line?
-No.
And it goes without saying
that if Peter reaches out to you,
you'll let me know immediately.
-Have a lovely day.
-Okay, I still have questions.
I didn't have time for this trip.
I came at the request of POTUS.
-So score one for you.
-Okay.
But I have to get back to my work.
Tell me what you're actually doing
to find him.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm one of the few people
who knows what really happened
at Camp David last year.
I know what your contributions were.
And for that,
you have my eternal thanks
and my sincere respect.
But you are a civilian.
You're not one of us.
You're not part of our family.
The answers you seek
are not yours to have.
And if President Travers
feels differently?
She doesn't.
This was a one-time favor.
If you don't believe me, call her.
When we find Peter,
I'll let you know he's safe.
But for now,
drop the words "Night Action"
from your vocabulary.
[dramatic music swelling]
[vacuum whirring]
[keyboard clacking]
[mouse clicking]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
[keyboard clacking]
[mouse clicking]
Where are you?
[dog barking]
-[car alarm chirping]
-[keys jangling]
[engine starting]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[suspenseful music fades]
[tense music playing]
[mouse clicking]
[tense music fades]
[mysterious music playing]
[mouse clicking]
[keyboard clacking]
[mysterious music fades]
[knock on door]
[door opening]
Any word yet?
[man] Adrien's a no on the investment.
Doesn't see enough differentiation
between us and the others.
We'll find someone else.
[Rose] I know.
I'm gonna need you
on your A game from now on.
What was with you the other day?
-I… I… I'm sorry--
-Don't say sorry, say you'll do better.
Um, I've just been worried about my mom.
Oh. What's… what's wrong?
She's having surgery
tomorrow morning in New York,
and I need to go out there
and be with her.
Surgery for what?
You wanna know all the details?
No.
[Rose] I'll just be gone a few days.
I need your full bandwidth.
This is a sink-or-swim time.
I'll work on the plane.
Mom's gonna be asleep most of the time,
and I can handle things remotely.
Won't be a problem.
That a promise?
-Promise.
-[dramatic music playing]
[Peter] Should be leaning left.
Go to your strong side.
Good shot.
[indistinct chatter]
-[Peter] So how you doing?
-Good. [panting]
-You sure? What's up?
-[music fades]
Just stuff with my dad.
Okay.
-You see him yet?
-[boy] No.
[Peter] He's taking the shot.
-You think he'll come to your game?
-[boy] I don't think so.
[basket clanging]
I thought he wanted to see you.
Yeah, but he just doesn't really
get along with my mom.
Or my stepdad.
So you, uh…
you haven't talked to him at all?
[boy exhaling]
What?
He's been talking to me on Signal.
-You know what that is?
-Yeah, the, uh, messenger app, right?
Yeah. My mom reads through my texts.
It's the only way he can talk to me, so…
-Smart.
-Yeah.
I don't think
I'm gonna get to see him, though.
Hopefully, he'll come through for you.
Yeah.
[cell phone chiming]
-[boy] Give me two seconds.
-Yeah.
[siren wailing in distance]
Is that him?
[boy] Uh, no. It's my mom.
She's about to be here.
So, I should probably go soon.
Make some free throws.
Every point guard should be automatic
from the line at the end of the game.
I want two in a row.
I see your mom. I'll get your stuff.
[basketball swishing]
[ominous music playing]
[Peter exhaling]
-Good luck at your game, buddy.
-[boy] Thanks.
-I'll see ya.
-See ya.
-[woman] Thanks.
-Have a good one.
[boy] You too.
Oh, my phone's dead.
You can live without it for a night.
It was just at 30% though.
Don't tell me you'll have to read a book.
[tense music swelling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[van door closes]
[keypad clicking]
[cell phone chiming]
-[keys jangling]
-[van engine starting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Peter sniffling]
[Peter panting]
[keys clanking]
[device beeping]
Testing, testing…
[recorder beeping]
[switch clicking]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[woman] You haven't endorsed Richard Hagan
for president yet.
What are you waiting for?
The election's coming up.
My focus has been on other matters.
Come on. Not endorsing
your party's candidate?
It seems odd.
You worried the Camp David scandal
could be a drag on his campaign?
-No.
-Did he ask you not to endorse?
If I wanted to focus
on politics rather than results,
I would've run for re-election.
So you're not going to endorse
Hagan or Knox?
That's right. Have a nice night, Janet.
[man] POTUS has arrived.
[Janet sighing]
Nicely evaded, Madam President.
Still can't believe we nominated Hagan.
What an egotistical prick.
His polls don't give him much of a chance.
Right. Polls have never been wrong.
Thank you all for meeting me here today
on such short notice.
-My schedule's been…
-[door closing]
-Well, you know how it is.
-Of course, Madam President.
I only have a few minutes.
Deputy Director Mosley and I would like
a rundown on all current Night Actions.
[man] We just wrapped up Cuba.
You've seen the report.
Went smoothly.
Just cleaning up some loose ends.
Nice work. Ron?
The thing in Vegas got a little tricky,
but we're back on track.
Cyprus is in early stages.
And Peter Sutherland?
Still haven't located him.
Can you give us the room?
[door opening]
How many people
do you have looking for Peter?
Plenty, but it's a big world.
And he is good at disappearing.
We're confident he's in the New York area.
So only 14 million needles in a haystack?
[Aiden] I have the bureau's resources
in New York assisting.
Figured out yet
what went wrong in Bangkok?
-We know more, but not enough.
-[Michelle] But if you had to guess?
I registered my concerns about Peter
when you first assigned him to me.
So you think Peter is the problem?
The only thing I'm sure of
is he isn't around to debrief.
You told me to believe in him.
I did.
And you told me your history with
his father wouldn't cloud your judgment.
It has not. The one fact we know
is that Peter's unaccounted for
doing God knows what for God knows who.
-You met with Rose Larkin?
-I did.
She didn't know anything useful.
We don't know who called her,
asked about Peter?
Not yet.
What about the intel we lost in Bangkok
or the agent who sold it?
We don't know where Warren Stocker is
or what specific classified information
he took from the CIA.
Or who he sold it to?
Or who he sold it to.
Other than that,
how was the flight, Miss Earhart?
I do trust Peter Sutherland.
I am alive because of him.
That kind of thing sticks with you.
I understand that,
but this work is different than that.
His training was accelerated.
He was pushed into the field too quickly.
For which you blame me.
Of course not, Madam President.
I'm not blaming, I am explaining.
Yes, I don't know where he is physically,
but what concerns me, what worries me,
is that I don't know where he is mentally.
That's something his partner Alice and I
discussed the week before she was killed.
[contemplative music playing]
We didn't give him enough time
after Camp David
before we threw him right into training.
If Peter is hiding,
he probably has a good reason.
Let's find him.
-Try to help him.
-Of course.
Who is the biggest influence in your life?
Your mother or your father?
My mother.
How about you?
[sighing]
My father.
Mine too.
He taught me life gets easier
when you learn to tell the difference
between what you want to happen
and what you need to happen.
I don't want you to find Peter.
-It's already in motion.
-You should be in New York then.
[tense music playing]
[door opening]
-[indistinct chatter]
-[music fades]
[Rose] Hello. [exhales]
[man] Can I help you, Miss?
I hope so.
I'm looking for a friend.
Is he staying here?
We take confidentiality pretty strict.
Listen, a few of his friends and I
were just worried he might be in trouble.
Everyone here's been
in some kind of trouble.
Right.
But look, I know he was at the urgent care
down the street a couple of weeks ago.
A woman at the desk
thought he might be staying here.
[siren wailing in distance]
I just… I just really need to find him.
Lot of folks here
aren't looking to be found.
[Rose scoffs]
Do I look like someone
who wants to hurt him?
He has a really important job
he's about to lose,
and if I don't find him,
his problems go
from temporary to permanent.
You know what I mean?
[exhaling] I… I really care about him.
Will you help me?
[man sighing]
Okay, yeah, David was here.
-So David was here?
-[man] Mm-hmm.
For about a week, but he bounced.
I haven't seen him since.
Okay, so he was at
the urgent care two weeks ago,
and he was staying here after that?
For a couple days, yeah.
But I haven't seen him since.
Thank you.
-[man] Mm-hmm.
-[tense music playing]
Uh, sorry, this sounds crazy,
but do you have any idea what he liked
to do when he was staying here?
[suspenseful music playing]
[cell phone chiming]
[phone keypad clicking]
[cell phone clattering]
[basketball thudding]
Excuse me.
-Nice. [chuckling]
-[Ethan] Thanks.
Um, I heard you know my friend, uh, David?
-I'm looking for him.
-Yeah, he, uh, coaches me.
Really?
Well, that sounds like him.
He's always helping people.
Is he coming by today, or…
I thought so,
but I've been waiting for about an hour.
-And nothing, huh?
-Nope.
So, uh,
when was the last time you saw him?
[Ethan] Yesterday.
Okay.
Well, I might just,
I don't know, chill here,
and see if he turns up, if that's okay?
Yeah. Uh, if you do see him,
could you ask him about my phone?
-What about it?
-I think he took mine by accident.
And we tried Find My Phone,
but it keeps turning off,
and my mom can't get a hold of him, so…
Well, you are in luck
because, uh, technology is my thing,
and… [inhales] …tracking phones
is my main superpower.
-Really?
-[Rose chuckling] Yeah.
What's your number?
Um, I bet I can find him.
And… and your phone, of course.
[tense music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
[watch beeping]
[dog barking]
[cell phone chiming]
[muttering under breath]
[bus hissing]
[bus brakes screeching]
[cell phone chiming]
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music swelling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[van alarm chirps]
[indistinct chatter]
[bus door hissing, closing]
-[PA chiming]
-[announcer] Next stop, 113th Street.
[brakes screech]
[door hissing]
[cell phone chiming]
[indistinct chatter]
[PA chiming]
[announcer] Q56,
southbound on Jamaica Avenue.
Next stop, Piedmont Street.
[cell phone chiming]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[cell phone vibrating]
[line ringing]
[cell phone ringing]
-[line ringing]
-[cell phone beeping]
[cell phone chiming]
[phone keypad clicking]
[man] I'm on my way.
I'm right around the corner.
[indistinct chatter]
[brakes screeching]
[PA chiming]
[announcer] Next stop, 117th Street.
[device beeping]
[door hissing, closing]
[tense music swelling]
[indistinct chatter]
[brakes screeching]
[woman] Save me a seat.
[indistinct chatter]
[bus hissing, engine revving]
[cell phone chiming]
[tense music intensifies]
[muttering] Come on.
[breath shuddering]
[suspenseful music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[dramatic music playing]
[Warren panting]
[Peter breathing heavily]
[Warren grunting]
[Peter grunting]
[both straining]
[both grunting]
-[skin sizzling]
-[Warren shrieking]
[both grunting]
[Peter grunting]
[Warren grunting]
[Peter] Get on the ground!
Get on the ground! [panting]
[Warren panting]
You need me alive, don't you?
[door thudding]
[suspenseful music playing]
[music fades]
[objects clattering]
[Peter breathing heavily]
[footsteps approaching]
-Rose?
-Peter.
Oh shit.
[Rose screams]
[Peter] Go!
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[both panting]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]
[theme music fades]